
 
# How to Play Mortal Kombat Anthology Remake for Free on PC
 
If you are a fan of the classic Mortal Kombat games, you might be interested in a fan-made remake that features over 100 fighters from the franchise. Mortal Kombat Anthology Remake is a MUGEN MK game that recreates the retro arcade experience with updated graphics and sounds. You can play as your favorite characters from the original games, as well as some new ones that were added by the creator. The game also includes multiple stages, finishing moves, and game modes to keep you entertained.
 
The best part is that Mortal Kombat Anthology Remake is completely free to download and play on your PC. You don't need any special hardware or software to run it, just a Windows operating system and a keyboard or a controller. The game is 1.16GB in size and you can download it from [here](https://www.dsogaming.com/news/mortal-kombat-anthology-remake-available-for-free-download-features-over-100-classic-fighters/).[^1^] As with all MUGEN games, this is not an official product and it is not endorsed by the original developers or publishers of Mortal Kombat.
 
**Download File ✑ [https://www.google.com/url?q=https%3A%2F%2Furlin.us%2F2uD9n9&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AOvVaw2gMVrantp1izG1xf8h1H29](https://www.google.com/url?q=https%3A%2F%2Furlin.us%2F2uD9n9&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AOvVaw2gMVrantp1izG1xf8h1H29)**


 
To install the game, you just need to extract the zip file to a folder of your choice and run the MKP.exe file. You can configure the game settings, such as resolution, sound, and controls, from the options menu. You can also customize your own roster of fighters by editing the select.def file in the data folder. The game supports single-player and multiplayer modes, as well as online play via Parsec.
 
Mortal Kombat Anthology Remake is a great way to relive the nostalgia of the old-school Mortal Kombat games with a modern twist. It is also a tribute to the work and passion of the fans who created it. If you are looking for a fun and free fighting game to play on your PC, you should definitely give it a try. You can also check out this video that showcases some of the features and gameplay of Mortal Kombat Anthology Remake:
 <iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/5yHwJZ2Qx6k" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen=""></iframe>  
Mortal Kombat Anthology Remake is based on the Mortal Kombat Project, which is a fan-made modification of the MUGEN engine that allows users to create their own Mortal Kombat games. The Mortal Kombat Project has been in development since 2002 and has gone through several versions and updates. The latest version of the Mortal Kombat Project is Season 2 Final, which was released in 2019 and features over 80 fighters from the first four Mortal Kombat games.
 
mortal kombat anthology pc game free download,  how to download mortal kombat anthology for pc free,  mortal kombat anthology full version free download pc,  free mortal kombat anthology pc download link,  mortal kombat anthology pc free download no survey,  download mortal kombat anthology pc game for free,  mortal kombat anthology free pc download windows 10,  mortal kombat anthology pc game download free full,  where can i download mortal kombat anthology for pc free,  mortal kombat anthology pc free download rar,  free download of mortal kombat anthology for pc,  mortal kombat anthology pc game setup free download,  mortal kombat anthology free download for pc highly compressed,  mortal kombat anthology pc iso free download,  download and install mortal kombat anthology on pc free,  mortal kombat anthology pc game crack free download,  mortal kombat anthology free download for windows 7 pc,  mortal kombat anthology pc edition free download,  mortal kombat anthology ultimate free download pc,  mortal kombat anthology remastered pc free download,  best site to download mortal kombat anthology for pc free,  mortal kombat anthology collection pc free download,  mortal kombat anthology all characters unlocked pc free download,  mortal kombat anthology trainer pc free download,  mortal kombat anthology cheats pc free download,  mortal kombat anthology mods pc free download,  mortal kombat anthology online multiplayer pc free download,  mortal kombat anthology patch for pc free download,  how to play mortal kombat anthology on pc for free,  mortal kombat anthology system requirements pc free download,  mortal kombat anthology gameplay pc free download,  mortal kombat anthology soundtrack pc free download,  how to fix mortal kombat anthology errors on pc free download,  mortal kombat anthology save file pc free download,  how to update mortal kombat anthology on pc for free,  how to uninstall mortal kombat anthology from pc for free,  how to get mortal kombat anthology dlc for pc for free,  how to make mortal kombat anthology run faster on pc for free,  how to change language in mortal kombat anthology on pc for free,  how to customize controls in mortal kombat anthology on pc for free,  how to unlock all stages in mortal kombat anthology on pc for free,  how to use cheats in mortal kombat anthology on pc for free,  how to record gameplay of mortal kombat anthology on pc for free,  how to stream mortal kombat anthology on twitch from pc for free,  how to play co-op mode in mortal kombat anthology on pc for free,  how to create your own character in mortal kombat anthology on pc for free,  how to mod mortal kombat anthology on pc for free tutorial
 
The creator of Mortal Kombat Anthology Remake, Styx, decided to take the Mortal Kombat Project to the next level by adding more characters, stages, and features to the game. He also improved the graphics and sounds of the game by using high-quality sprites and sound effects from various sources. Styx released the first version of Mortal Kombat Anthology Remake in January 2020 and has been working on updates and fixes ever since. He also plans to add more content to the game in the future, such as new fighters, fatalities, and game modes.
 
Mortal Kombat Anthology Remake is not the only fan-made Mortal Kombat game that you can play for free on your PC. There are many other MUGEN MK games that you can find online, such as Mortal Kombat Chaotic, Mortal Kombat Outworld Assassins, Mortal Kombat Defenders of the Earth, and more. Each of these games has its own unique features and style, so you can choose the one that suits your preferences. You can also download and play the official Mortal Kombat games from Steam or other platforms if you want to support the original developers and publishers of the franchise.
 8cf37b1e13
 
